Embedded Systems Engineer
Moog Inc., Full-Time
Casella, Italy
September 2023– Present
I am presently serving as an embedded software engineer at Moog, a globally renowned leader in the field of
automation engineering. My primary responsibilities revolve around software development and conducting
comprehensive research, with a particular focus on the interplay between software and hardware, as well as
mechanical control. My work focussed on the developmente of the latest products available in the market.
The work was focussed mainly of DSP families by Texas Instruments.- Development of firmware for C2000 DSP based products, such as servo-drives, and PSUs.- Developing code for peripherals such as SPI, SCI, I2C, DMAs, GPIOs, Timers, UART, DACs, ADCs and
PWMs.- Held on-hand tests on board prototypes, used a wide range of laboratory instruments such as oscilloscopes,
multi-meters, DC supplies and others.- We discuss design choices for hardware on prototypes.- Developing and analyzing solutions for Cyber Resilience Act (CRA) for our products.- Moog Italy AI Ambassador for improving our code development with AI tools, such as Codex, Antigravity,
Claude and other agent like tools.- Deepen my personal knowledge on development of electronic boards, in an industrial and operations point
of view. In the site operations, quality, R&D and production are all sectors with people working together
to achieve goals.

Software Engineer
Genova, Italy
Esaote S.p.A., Internship
February 2023– September 2023
I had the opportunity to work for my master thesis at Esaote, a big company which is one of the leader
companies in diagnostic imaging in the world. My main mission in the company was to assist my more
experienced colleagues in completing the team’s objectives more quickly. Some tasks I covered were:- Held discussions and study for Matlab’s feasibility for deep learning.- Created framework for inference on final product.- Libraries used: TensorFlow, ClearML, tf2onnx, Deep Learning Toolbox (Matlab), ONNX Runtime.

Academic Qualifications..............................................................................................
○ 
Universit`a degli Studi di Genova
Master’s Degree in Robotics Engineering, 110/110
Genova, Italy
2021–Present
Robotics engineering is an interdisciplinary field of engineering that combines computer science, computer
programming, artificial intelligence, and robotics to create, design, and manage robotic equipment and
machinery.

Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU)
Erasmus+ Exchange Student Program
Trondheim, Norway
Aug. 2022– Dec. 2022
Opportunity to study in deep different subjects in the Cybernetics Department, such as Industrial Embedded
Systems and Optical Remote Sensing.

Universit`a degli Studi di Genova
Bachelor Degree in Biomedical Engineering, 100/110
Genoa, Italy
2018–2021
Information engineering is the engineering discipline that deals with the generation, distribution, analysis,
and use of information, data, and knowledge in systems. The field first became identifiable in the early 21st
century. Biomedical engineering takes part of this process and elaborates it for medical

Liceo Scientifico Luigi Lanfranconi
High School Diploma, 81/100
Genoa, Italy
2013–2018
The curriculum emphasises the link between the humanistic tradition and scientific culture. It covers a
complete and widespread range of disciplines, including Italian language and literature, mathematics, physics,
chemistry, biology, history, philosophy, Latin language and culture, English language and culture, art history
and technical drawing.

Santa Cruz High School
Exchange Student Program
Santa Cruz, California, USA
2016–2017
I’ve been living in Santa Cruz, California for almost one year of high school for an exchange student program
to reach a proficiency English language level.